So with that,
let's build on the exact same example
we were working on with Twitter.
Except this time,
sorry we were working on it for Facebook.
Now we are going to add
the extra Twitter metadata.
Don't worry about adding it to
the index at HBS page, you would add
a bunch of the same stuff that that would
pertain to, like it's not as interesting
as the course page where we have the image
and the name of the course and so on.
I wanna show you how you can validate it.
Twitter has its own validator and
we will take a look at it presently.
So It's
another link in that nice,
big list of links.
The list of, I think it was six links and
we're going to look at five or
it was five links and
we're going to look at four.
But it's cards-dev.twitter.com/validator.
And this is what it looks like.
So, we give it a URL.
And so if we give it our heroku URL,
for example,
we can see what it looks like as is.
Might be smart enough to
pluck some things out.
Let's see.
Interesting.
So we only have one image on there,
this is it trying to make
reasonable assumptions.
I've done I've worked really hard
to make my image thumbnails so
that they're wide but
also cropped down really well.
It turns out that this is a square image,
right?
So it's like eliminating,
it's basically finding this square here.
I'm sure they have an algorithm in
there that's figuring out that like,
This is all colored background area.
So it looks pretty good but what I
want is to have that nice wide image.
I want something that looks like this.
Here's where we find out
if I did my SEO properly.
So if I grab this, and pass it in.
Better.
So that's the summary large image so
much better.
Like this is gone from like
a little icon decorating your link
to like the picture being the main thing.
You're gonna see way more engagement for
stuff like this when they get shared
compared to the little cards.
So what I want us to do is make it so
that our app looks just like this using
the summary large image card type.
Does that make sense?
Here's an indication that I've been
whitelisted on this page here.
I can show you what
the Player Card looks like, and
it'll indicate that I have been
whitelisted there as well, hopefully.
See I am whitelisted for Player Card.
It would just say I am not whitelisted and
give you a link to a form you can
fill in which just says why should
we grant you access to Player Cards?
And then you just, because the whole
world is concerned with bridging
the [COUGH] gap between native apps,
[LAUGH] you know, React Native and
writing extensions and swift and
connecting it to JavaScript.
You see here I've done a much
better job of my keyframe.
This was the the first slide of a deck
that I was going through in my talk and
like this is how you can
expect it will show up.
If I was really slick I would have
made something that would get
cropped nicely,
even in this scenario, right.
And I would have on YouTube said like,
this is my cover slide.